The eldest elder courted Li Shao with Chen Qiaoqian
It's a stroke of genius.
Attach to the Li family
Our family will definitely be able to continue the foot bath for another hundred years
He Chen Qiaoqian
I actually enjoyed the glory and wealth of our Chen family
Naturally, it should also be for our Chen family.
Do your part
No no no no good
The ocean wakes up
Daci from the palace took Chen Jiaoqian and killed him
Grandpa tree is dead
Damn fat son-in-law
How dare you attack my son?
Come on, get these two buildings back for me
Don't cut him to pieces
Master, you are the Supreme Elder of Xuanyi Dao Palace
Is a mortal woman worth your visit to be completed?
What do you know?
That Chen Qiaoqian is the body of Xuanbin
It is the perfect top that the old body has been searching for for a hundred years
Wait for the old man to draw his blood
Refining his spirit body
Ten masters of Tianwu Continent
There must be a place for me chicken flying flower
A century-old wish is about to be fulfilled
Congratulations
Ahahahaha
drive
Zhu Xiaoqi
You go first, Brother Yang
All right.
Stop and don't run
Brother Yang is in front of the city gate entrance
Let's go
Hahahaha
Where are you going, Brother Yang?
I ascended to the ninth level of Cui Di
But in front of Duan Ben Wushu, it's still not enough
What Chen Qi
Don't mourn your son
Pushed me to chase after